I heard that you want to be consistent.
And I get it. It's 2026. You're asking
yourself, "How can I be consistent this
time? How can I stick to my goals? How
can I finally keep waking up early, keep
going to bed on time, keep having a
proper routine? How can I keep taking my
supplements? How can I level up my
physical appearance? How can I be more
successful in business?"
>> But you know what, honey? Why are you
not staying the way you are? Maybe
you're simply a night and you're not
meant to wake up early. Maybe your bio-
rhythm is just different. If you feel
better eating junk food and sweets all
the time, keep doing it. This is
something I would never ever tell you.
If you haven't gotten to where you want
to be at with the habits and routines
that you keep on having, telling you to
not change your habits, to simply stay
the way you are would be me wanting you
to never reach your goals. Hi guys, and
welcome back to my channel. My name is
Michaela and today we're going to talk
about how you can stay consistent in
2026 with all the goals, routines, and
habit changes that you deep down know
you need. First of all, I want you to
distinguish between being consistent and
having discipline. Being consistent
means to keep on doing the same things
over and over again over an extended
period of time. Being disciplined in
contrary means to do the things you
don't like to do to do the things that
don't feel comfortable that don't feel
that exciting especially in the
beginning. Now the thing is being
disciplined is not a very feminine trait
because being disciplined means you do
not listen to how you feel. You do not
listen to that voice in your head that
wants you to be comfortable. This does
not mean when you want to be feminine
and soft, you should not have no
discipline. It does mean that you have
to implement discipline to be consistent
to reach your goals, which ultimately
makes you feel good long term. Now, you
need also to distinct between long-term
feeling good and short-term feeling
good. When you have discipline, you're
not listening to your mood or emotions
that tell you you want to feel good.
Right now, many many people on the
internet, especially women who talk
about feminine energy, they are sharing
the message that you as a woman,
feminine woman should be always listen
to how you feel. listen to how you feel
and go with the flow,
>> which is only this much correct because
let me tell you, I've been there. So
being disciplined is not the most
feminine thing to do, but it is
necessary to reach your goals that make
you long-term happy and feel good. There
was a period of my life where I was not
disciplined at all, listening to my
feelings all the time, going with the
flow, living the soft life 100%. And
then I was living a period I was super
disciplined, structured, waking up at
4:00 a.m. every single day and getting
things done. In both of these scenarios,
I was not happy and ultimately I could
not be consistent. Being too much in
your feminine, having no discipline will
not let you be consistent. Because if
you go with the flow, if you do always
what feels [music] good to you, you
won't get different results than you
keep having. Now, if you're too
disciplined as a woman, you will burn
out. If you do not listen at all to your
feelings, you will burn out and you will
end up again not being consistent. Now
what you need to do is to combine those
two attributes. So to be consistent with
your 2026 goals, habits and routines,
you first need to know yes, you need
discipline. Then you need to know there
are two versions of [music] feeling
good. There is the long-term feeling
good and then there is the shortterm
feeling good. Being [music]
disciplined means that you refuse what
feels good right now because you are
going to work on something that makes
you feel good long term. [music] Do you
see how we combine here feelings with
being disciplined? You want to be
disciplined in order to feel good later.
If you're always focusing on what makes
you feel good right now, you will end up
feeling bad afterwards. Think about you
eating a full bag of chips. You're binge
eating to chocolate and junk food. It
feels good in the moment, but afterwards
you feel miserable. And the paradox
thing is that the more you do instant
gratification things, you're actually
teaching yourself that you cannot trust
your own choices. When you keep eating
junk food, for example, and after you
feel bad for doing that, you teach
yourself,
>> "Hey, I cannot trust my own decisions. I
make decisions that make me feel bad
afterwards."
>> If you keep neglecting your body, not
moving your body at all because
>> it feels good to just chill on the sofa,
scroll on social media,
>> but after you just feel bad, you know,
you cannot trust your decisions. If you
cannot trust your decisions, guess what?
You cannot be consistent either. So the
first step to be truly consistent this
year 2026, I want you to find one thing,
only one simple thing that you can be
consistent on that requires you a small
amount of discipline and willpower every
single day. You cannot change your whole
life within one day. Just because it was
1 January we turned from 2025 to 2026
does not mean that you can change your
whole life within 24 hours. It's
impossible and again you will simply end
up either being so much in your
masculine that you give up or teaching
yourself more and more that you cannot
trust your word. If you do not trust
your word, of course you are not going
to stick to what you say you will do
because you don't trust yourself that
this is going to be good for you, right?
Apart from that, the more decisions you
take that are actually not good for your
future self, the less confidence you
have. Obviously, how can you be
confident in yourself if you cannot
trust your own words and decisions? So
look for this one thing that you know
you can be consistent on that you're
going to change. For example, start with
taking supplements. What I did after
living too much in my soft life, not
have any discipline, I started with
simply taking supplements. I was first
figuring out which supplements are good
for me and then I was taking them
consistently. I first was informing
myself which supplements would help me,
which supplements would support hair
growth, glowy skin, remove my acne,
improve my hormonal balance, is
rejuvenating. This is very important
because when you know why are you doing
something and you know exactly what this
is going to do for you, you're more
likely to be consistent with something.
Every single day I had my routine after
brushing my teeth, putting on my makeup,
then immediately taking my supplements.
This was a small change that changed so
much because I learned to trust myself.
First, I stick to that small decision.
Second, I noticed the changes. I did my
research. I informed myself what helps
and it actually helped. My skin cleared
up. I felt more energized. My hair
started to grow and glow more. So, I was
even motivated to do more. I also got
more confident because I realized, wow,
when I do things consistently with
discipline, it actually makes me feel so
much better than listening to that voice
in my head that wants me to just stay in
bed all day long, scroll on the phone,
wake up whenever. And then also it made
me wake up earlier because I was excited
to take my supplements. This one
decision was having a ripple effect on
my life. I was excited to [music]
implement more routines that made me
feel like, wow, I can achieve something.
I can stick to my word and actually feel
better. I started to trust myself more.
I implemented to do a skin care routine
before bed and after waking up. Then I
added a habit of eating more healthy and
stop overeing. You might have seen over
my past few videos from my other
channel, my body changed a lot. I lost a
lot of weight because I started to take
it seriously. I started to implement a
healthy eating habit. Prior to that, I
struggled my whole life with an eating
disorder, being anorexic, being bulimic,
throwing up, binge eating, and it only
stopped once I learned to implement new
habits and routines last year, one after
the other step by step. And after
completing every milestone, every little
small step, I was able to add another
one. And then again, I was trusting
myself more. So to be and stay actually
consistent, it is very important that
you add new habits and routines after
each other and not all at once. Every
time you add one and it becomes your new
normal, it becomes a routine like
toothbrushing, then you add another one.
Another reason why that is going to help
you being more consistent is because
when you start to implement a new habit
that is good for you in the beginning,
it starts to feel so good, right? You
feel amazing. I'm doing my skin care
every single day, going to the gym every
single day. But once it becomes our new
normal and we have reached a confidence
and comfort level in doing that, we
think ah let's not do that now because
we're anyways feeling good already.
>> Let's say you lost weight because you
stickked to a healthy eating habit for a
while. Then you think ah now I will stop
with it because I'm feeling good
anyways. My future self is already here.
Now I can just feel good without
restricting myself, without focusing on
what I eat, without forcing myself to
stop overeing. The same way it happens
sometimes with being grateful. When you
start to have the habit of being
grateful and writing down 10 things that
you're grateful for every single day,
once you are at a position in your life
where everything flows, everything feels
good, [music]
you start to forget about being grateful
or you say, "Ah, let's not write that
down today because anyways, we feel good
already."
>> But unfortunately or fortunately,
depends on how you see it. Confidence
and discipline are two muscles that are
built on consistency. Once you stop
being
consistent with these things, being
grateful, eating the right things, doing
your skin care, taking supplements, not
allowing toxic people in your life
anymore. You also stop feeding your
confidence and discipline and it won't
stay. And this brings me now to the next
point that I learned is super super
important to stay actually consistent is
by knowing what are the consequences of
not being consistent. When you stop
being consistent,
what are you missing afterwards? As I
said, if you stop doing the things
things you know are good for you, of
course you have that instant
gratification for now, but then slowly
and quiet the bad side effects sneak in.
And the bad side effects are losing your
confidence, feeling tired, feeling
bloated, gaining weight, not feeling
motivated to go to the gym at all,
allowing toxic people to drain your
energy. But the worst consequences I
learned is to lose strength of that
discipline muscle. When you know how
hard it is to build up your discipline
and confidence, you do not want to lose
that again. It's hard to build it up.
It's easier to maintain it. You do not
want to lose that momentum and have to
build that up again. And yes, sometimes
all it needs is one.
>> Not today. I couldn't be bothered today
to eat well. I couldn't be bothered
today to go to bed early. I couldn't be
bothered today to set my boundaries.
>> But let me tell you that one day is not
going to take away your full strength of
your discipline and confidence muscles.
No, but that one day is going to make
you feel like, oh, one day eating junk
food, it's fine. The next day you will
do the same thing again because you
think, "Oh, okay. I'm not gaining weight
because of one day eating junk food. I
can do that another day."
>> Then you do it another day, another day,
another day, and then you are back at
square one. You need to start to build
up that discipline and confidence muscle
again. Now, also, it's very important to
not beat yourself up when there actually
is one day you simply cannot make it.
It's not one day that you say, "I
couldn't be bothered today. I'm not
feeling like it now."
>> But honey, you can have days off. Okay?
It's not that you need to function 365
days at your 100% full power. That's
impossible. I want you to still honor
your emotions, still honor your cycle
without making it an excuse to give up
all your habits and routines. Let's say
one of your new habits and goals for
2026 is to be more active. Go to the gym
five times a week. The day will come.
You're PMSing. Or maybe you're feeling
like there is a flu knocking on your
door. You might think you only have two
options. Going to the gym and pushing
through or saying, "I couldn't be
bothered today." But there is a third
option. You can make a compromise with
yourself. And the compromise with
yourself could be, okay, I'm not feeling
great today, but I want to stick to my
goal for 2026. 5 days a week, I'm going
to move my body. I'm going to minimum go
for a walk today. I'm going to minimum
do some stretches. Even if it is just 5
to 10 minutes,
>> 5 to 10 minutes walking, 5 to 10
minutes, doing a stretch, doing yoga, is
not pushing your own boundaries and
physical capacity. And it's also not
giving up the word you gave to yourself.
The next little trick to actually stay
consistent in 2026 is to remove any
friction as much as possible. For
example, if it's difficult for you to
take the supplements every single
morning. Sometimes you forget, you don't
have time, prepare them, for example, on
a Sunday in a box with designated areas
for each day. you prepare all your
supplements so that then every single
morning you simply need to take the
supplements that are already in that
designated area for that specific day.
Or let's say you want to be more
consistent going to the gym. Take out
your gym clothes and your shoes and put
them on a chair right next to your bed.
So the first thing you see in the
morning is your gym clothes. You will be
remembered that you gave your verge to
yourself that you're going to be
consistent with moving your body in 2026
and you minimize the friction of
choosing a gym, taking it out, putting
it on, and then going to the gym to one
simple step. Or you said you want to eat
more organic and healthy in 2026. The
easiest way to remove the friction is to
simply don't buy any snacks. Don't buy
any processed foods and have one day in
the week where you always go to buy your
groceries healthy, organic, not
processed, and easy to prepare. And a
little side note, do not go grocery
shopping when you're hungry. Do that
after you ate the meal. Because when you
go grocery shopping, when you're hungry,
the chances are very high that you're
choosing foods that will make you
instantly satisfied and not hungry. Just
saying. Another way to remove friction,
to remove the gap, and make it use less
willpower is by combining a new habit
with something you are already doing or
something you actually like doing a lot.
Me, for example, I love to go to bed
with a hot bottle. Now, to trick my mind
to go to sleep earlier, I'm preparing my
hot bottle earlier and let it be in my
bed waiting for me. I know the longer I
wait, the less hot the bottle will be.
This pushes me actually to go to bed
sooner. Let's say you love to chat with
your bestie. Call her when you're eating
your meal. When you're eating your
broccoli, call your bestie and take it
as time to catch up with her while truly
nourishing your body. This way, you're
not thinking about,
>> "Oh, I actually would love to eat pizza
now. I would love to get a burger."
>> Or when you're cooking, call your
bestie. This is a very simple way to
remove friction and combine something
that is new for you which makes you get
out of your comfort zone with something
that makes you be in your comfort zone.
It's kind of like manipulating your
brain into liking something you do not
like to do yet. And the good thing is
after a while you don't need to talk
with your bestie anymore because your
brain already associates cooking or
eating healthy meals with something that
feels good to you. First of all, because
you combined it with talking to your
bestie and second because it knows after
eating well, eating whole foods, your
body knows it's going to feel better.
Your brain knows you are going to feel
better because you feel more confident
and you love your body more. Where again
comes the consequence in the consequence
of not eating healthy could be you
losing your dream body and confidence.
Now the last point and tip I want to
give you to actually stay consistent in
2026 is to have a support system. And
with support system, I mean people that
are either having the same goal or
similar goals or even different goals,
but hold each other and you accountable
for reaching their goals. And that's
exactly why I created a group chat for
all the women who got my ebook, The Real
Glow Up, so we can hold each other
accountable and share each other's
experiences, even tips between women who
are heading towards the same goal.
Sometimes all we need for our brain is
to see someone else managing to do the
things we want to do, too. It signals to
our brain, hey, it's not that difficult.
She can do it too and she can do it too
and she too.
>> Now, if you didn't get the ebook, don't
worry. You can still get it. It's in the
link below and you will get the
invitation link to the group chat with
the ebook. But of course, you do not
need my ebook or my group chat to have a
support system. All you need is a
[music] woman or many women and that
these are also women who are genuinely
interested in supporting you and having
the best interest for you. Many times
between us women, we do not want to see
each other win unfortunately. So be
aware who you share your goals with.
Some of your so-called friends that you
think could be your support system. They
actually do not want to see you win and
will sabotage your goals by telling you
maybe you're just a night all. Maybe
you're just better working in the night.
You don't need to wake up early. Don't
don't force yourself to do something
that doesn't feel comfortable. Maybe
you're doing too much and you're not
going to stay consistent. Oh, you don't
think you look a little unhealthy now?
Oh, you don't think you're working too
much? You don't think you should take
some days off? be very aware and very
selective with who you choose to be your
support system because as I said some
people simply do not have the best
interest for you and others like your
mom, your parents, your partner, people
that really really love you. They do not
want to see you struggle and they will
tell you these same things not because
they want to sabotage your wins. They
prefer to see you comfortable even if
it's just from instant gratification
because they do not understand or they
do not see the way you feel after
choosing comfort over discipline.
Anyways guys, I hope this could help.
Let's be consistent in 2026. And just
for the record so you can hold me
accountable
this year, I'm going to focus on being
more consistent going to the gym. And
another very important thing that I am
changing this year, my sleeping
routines. And I'm going to share my
progress in the group chat. Hold me
accountable for that. Anyways, thank you
so much for watching. I hope this could
help. And happy new year. I see you in
my next video. Bye-bye.